tests/README.md, before:

### Run Tests

Run test suite within Docker container in `/pvextractor` directory with the command
```
python -m unittest tests/test_*.py
```

### Coverage Report

Make sure coverage is installed by running
```
python -m pip install coverage
```

Analyze coverage by running the following command from project root
```
coverage run --source=. --branch -m unittest tests/test_*.py
```

View coverage report with
```
coverage report -m
```
or the html version with
```
coverage html
```

### Mutation Testing

Install mutmut
```
python -m pip install mutmut
```

Perform mutation tests of a single test case with
```
mutmut --paths-to-mutate="tests/test_quadrilaterals.py" --runner="python -m unittest" run
```
where `test_quadrilaterals` could be any other test module.

Note: The command above is wrong. Mutmut mutates only the test case file in this case, not the code under test!!!

### Origin of Test Data

Important: Do not create new test data, otherwise you may generate test data with updated (possibly buggy) code! Instead, keep the origin test data and make sure updated code passes all tests. The only reason for updating the test data is an update of the dataset structure. Note, however that this also requires updating downstream tools, such as PV Drone Inspect Viewer.

Test data in `tests/data/large` was created by running the pipeline within Docker container in `/pvextractor` directory with the command
```
python main.py tests/config_data_large.yml
```
After completion, the updated test data is available in `tests/data/large`. 

Similarly, the small dataset in `tests/data/small` was created with 
```
python main.py tests/config_data_small.yml
```

Commit message:

improved some tests by using deepdiff instead of comparing the entire file

tests/README.md, after:

### Run Tests

Tests require DeepDiff, which you can install with
```
python -m pip install deepdiff==5.7.0
```
from within the Docker container.

Then, run the test suite inside the Docker container in the `/pvextractor` directory with the command
```
python -m unittest tests/test_*.py
```

### Coverage Report

Make sure coverage is installed by running
```
python -m pip install coverage
```

Analyze coverage by running the following command from project root
```
coverage run --source=. --branch -m unittest tests/test_*.py
```

View coverage report with
```
coverage report -m
```
or the html version with
```
coverage html
```

### Mutation Testing

Install mutmut
```
python -m pip install mutmut
```

Perform mutation tests of a single test case with
```
mutmut --paths-to-mutate="tests/test_quadrilaterals.py" --runner="python -m unittest" run
```
where `test_quadrilaterals` could be any other test module.

Note: The command above is wrong. Mutmut mutates only the test case file in this case, not the code under test!!!

### Origin of Test Data

Important: Do not create new test data, otherwise you may generate test data with updated (possibly buggy) code! Instead, keep the origin test data and make sure updated code passes all tests. The only reason for updating the test data is an update of the dataset structure. Note, however that this also requires updating downstream tools, such as PV Drone Inspect Viewer.

Test data in `tests/data/large` was created by running the pipeline within Docker container in `/pvextractor` directory with the command
```
python main.py tests/config_data_large.yml
```
After completion, the updated test data is available in `tests/data/large`. 

Similarly, the small dataset in `tests/data/small` was created with 
```
python main.py tests/config_data_small.yml
```
